hey guys good morning this spell will
come back to my channel so today is
Wednesday and it is currently 11:30 in
the morning I haven't had breakfast yet
because I slept in a little I'm not
feeling so good these days I just
finished my final exams last week and I
haven't been sleeping well I haven't
been eating the healthiest foods so I
feel like it really took a toll on my
body I'm feeling a lot heavier and
lazier my skin is breaking out and I
just feel like really low energy so I
wanted to film a video for you guys
today despite my sickness to show you
guys what I do when I feel like my body
is kind of beginning to crash what I
like to do is I like incorporating green
smoothies into my diet as a replacement
for breakfast and I do that for about a
week and I feel that that really puts me
back on track I find that when I start
drinking more green smoothies it not
only helps to really clear up my skin it
gives my skin this really nice glow and
it also helps with diet and weight loss
because there's so much fiber in these
smoothies it really helps to keep you
full and it prevents you from reaching
for those junk food and unhealthy snacks
that you really shouldn't be eating and
overall I feel like it really helps with
my energy level it's very detoxifying
and healing so it makes my body feel a
lot lighter and it gives me a lot more
energy to go around and do things if you
would like to see how I make my
detoxifying and beautifying green
smoothie then please keep watching and I
will take you guys over to my kitchen
right now so here we are in my kitchen
I've already prepared and washed the
vegetables and fruits the blender I'm
using today
is that it's called the Vitamix and I
purchased it from Costco and it's a very
powerful blender so it's nice because it
gives your smoothies a very smooth and
creamy consistency so first I'm going to
put in about two handfuls of organic
baby spinach and we all know that
Popeye love spinach right and it's
because spinach is very high in
nutrients but it's also low in calories
it's an excellent source of vitamins and
antioxidants that are really good for
your skin your hair and also your bones
so I'm going to put about two handfuls
of this into my blender next we have
kale and kale is seriously a nutritional
powerhouse it is jam-packed with so many
good things for your body it's really
high on the list for one of the world's
healthiest foods so like spinach it's
great source of all your vitamins like
vitamins a c e and k also have lots of
antioxidants calcium iron all this good
stuff for you but the problem with kale
is sometimes it's a little tough and
very hard to chew so for smoothies I
actually like to take the leaves off the
stem and I don't include the stem in
this movie so here I'm just taking off
the leaves is about two leaves of kale
if you're just starting out with green
smoothies I would suggest just starting
with some spinach first and maybe adding
in kale later because kale has a more
distinct green taste to it where some
spinach is very very mild next we have
some parsley parsley is really good for
purifying your blood and detoxifying
your body I put up up like a handful and
I just kind of bend it and squish it in
here next I put in one whole cucumber
cucumber has a lot of water in it so
it's really good for hydrating your body
in your skin so I'm just going to break
it in half and throw it in there
so before I add the rest of the
ingredients of the smoothie I like to
pre blend to my vegetables and my greens
once before because I want to make sure
that all these greens are broken down
and that there are no chunky bits and
pieces in my smoothie so for the base of
the smoothie I like to use coconut water
this is harmless harvest 100% raw
coconut water and it's not processed
with heat like most of the other coconut
waters so it really retains the natural
flavor of the coconut it's very
delicious
so I like to use this as a base for my
smoothie and I put about one and a half
two cups
so migraines are now all blended and
it's time for me to add the fruits and
some lemon juice so I like using frozen
bananas and mangos for the fruits
because it gives it a nice creamy
texture and it also makes the smoothie a
lot tastier because it gives it that
natural sweetness and lastly I like to
put in the juice of one lemon the lemon
really helps to cut the taste of the
greens and it also adds an extra boost
of vitamin C oh I juice the lemon in
this little Bowl here and I'm made sure
to take out the seeds because the seeds
make can make this smoothie very bitter
and then I'm just going to put lemon
juice in so now all my fruits and
vegetables are in here and so I'm just
going to do a final blend and then we'll
be done
but the foodie is finally done and I'm
just going to pour it into a glass jar
and if I have extra I like to save some
in the fridge and just snap on it
throughout the day stay strong and there
we have it ha all done let's give it a
taste
hmm pretty good I think it's always
important to keep in mind that it's not
always about the external beauty but
more importantly how you feel about
yourself inside if you eat healthy food
and if you feel good about yourself then
you will portray that but anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed this video please give
it a thumbs up if you would like more
health-related and cooking type of
videos I don't know it's my first time
trying this out I feel really awkward
standing here in my kitchen it's just
not very ideal for filming but anyways I
hope you guys found this video useful
and I hope that you actually try out
this detox green smoothie and if you do
try it let me know how you like it leave
me a comment or just message me
personally I'd love to hear what you
have to say if you have an Instagram my
user name is Belle zero two and six you
can follow me on there please don't
forget to subscribe to my channel that
would seriously make my day and if you
have any other requests for videos
please leave them down below I'll try my
best to do them for you otherwise I'll
end this video here and I'll see you
guys in my next video bye